----------------
MAIN UPDATE PAGE
----------------
Hi everyone, content still very raw. If you feel anything needs rephrasing, feel free to comment. Feel free to add your comments to this file. Translated sentences are written as close to its japanese counterpart as possible to avoid loss of meaning but if you feel creative and are able to rephrase it and still fit within the alloted lines, feel free to do so!- Torky


29/03/13
Migration to github complete. I've left the googledocs still open to viewing and will most likely handle any edits there - Torky

11/09/12
News from the front - Vardest, one of the ppl from the original team  has informed me that there are a few issues that we need to be aware of:
1. Quality of the translations need to be up-to-scratch
Hopefully, once finalised, it would look good enough to be used but for now lets just work on getting the CORE chapter done

2. Writing styles in comparison to the original translator is of concern.
This, I’m afraid, was my main worry. As we all have our own ways of phrasing and writing, consistency would probably be the hardest thing to achieve in this collaborated effort. We will need to discuss the best way to achieve style consistency with the original team’s work - hopefully we can do this in the near future. 
Although consistent writing style is imperative, our main objective is to complete the CORE chapter translations. We will focus on consistency once the bulk of our work is done.

3. Quote from Vardest which applies to everyone working on this:
“Just remember that it takes a LOT of work to get this stuff done”
“Zorn was going at a very fast pace, and we still only got to 35%”
We will strive for completion but with time and patience. There is no rush to get this pushed out of the door. So work at your own pace.


#Comments/Edits/Notes Start Here:

- Special thanks to Tsibble for his hard work. All of your work posted - Hanitora awesomeness! 
I took all the lines from your progress.txt file - tell me if I’ve missed some coz it looks like there’s more for the japanification good end thing you did last.

-----------------------------
Current editors/contributors:
- TJ(Torky) - backstory event turn 2 complete (its very rough, needs ALOT of work)
Currently on 76134 - fighting the spanish. it’s VERY long
Apologies, will get back on it tomorrow when I get my software and script back on new cpu

- vyrox123 - Translated some parts during Espana got attacked, check around there for details, haven’t been doing as much as I’d like to because of school. Espana parts reviewed - have given suggestions

- Nellie *slacking much*
	

- Psyduck - 